# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 48ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 41ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 60ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 67ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 52ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 58ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 44ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 55ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 44ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 52ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 42ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 48ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 56ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 47ms

